OK so in fact we have two main types of components.
We have functional components and class components.
The difference is what you want to do with this.
At this point this Hetter component is just a function.
It's just receiving some data it might receive some data right here as an argument but it's not doing
anything it's just returning some GSX.
So this is a functional component.
Now the functional component doesn't care what happens with the rest of the other components with the
with the application it's just returned.
Returning something or doing something.
So on the other hand we have the class components disk components are a little bit more complex.
They have the ability to know when it's happening on the rest with the rest of the application.
So you may have right here in the index some information that it's going on right here.
And then the hetter if it's a class based component is going to know what's happening inside react.
That's why we're going to use class a class based components.
Now inside our application we can have the header component and we can have a logo and we can have an
input.
So the user is going to inputs and text and we can grab whatever the user it's entering and we're going
to pass these keywords to the news component and inside the news component we're going to search for
a particular news.
That's fine.
So what we need to do we need to convert this header to a class based component.
It could be a class based component.
OK.
So I'm going to delete all of this and I'm going to ride a class for this.
So the first thing we need to do is to ride the keyboard class and the classes are not from do we react.
This lesson is six some six.
So first I'm going to assign a name to this class and I'm just going to open and close.
Right now if you come from.
Yes five.
And you you're you're you're used to work with the constructor functions.
Well this is pretty much the same idea.
So now we're we have a class right here.
And the thing is that to use this class we need to have a bind this class to react.
So we want for this class to contain whatever re-act provides to this application.
So we need to do something else to bind this to react.
So what are we going to do.
We're going to use the keyboard extents I'm going to say extends and since we want to extend extend
to react I'm going to say react dart and we're going to use the word component OK.
So very real.
We get different a different message.
That's good.
Now we are creating the class and we are binding this class to react.
That is get so now to return something.
We do it in a different way than just the functional component.
We can all do return and then return some GSX we need to do something else.
What we need to do is really to use a render function.
So I'm going to say render method because the render going to open and close the out the parenthesis
and then curly braces.
So if you notice this is kind of doing bar header that equals creating an object and having a render
method that it's a function that returns something.
If you come from.
Yes 5.
This is kind of doing something like this.
OK.
So inside are our render.
We need to return something.
So what we want to return is going to be the header components OK just like we did with the with the
with the other returns you're going to say dev are going to create a header sorry head or tack up just
just the header.
And inside here we can have two things you can have the logo.
And then we're going to have an input to simple as that.
And look at and notice here that it's working in the index.
It's importing the header and we are exporting this class of these components with some GSX.
OK that is good.
So now we get our input and logo.
And if you come from S-5 notice that it's kind of like this.
Inside right here we have the depth and the input.
Okay that's good.
When they just do this.
OK.
So now what we need to do.
And there's one more thing that we can do to make this more professional right here.
We are extending this class re-act that component.
So pretty much we're entering the re-act object right here and getting the component.
This is kind of something that it's inside the react.
So what we can do we can just delete this and say components and right here on the import we get to
make use of 6 destructuring.
I'm going to say coma and then I'm going to open and close curly braces and then I get to say component's
and if I reload the page this is still it's still going to work.
So basically what it's doing right here it's entering react and it's just bringing the component.
So there's no need to use it twice right here because we are already importing this component right
here on the importance.
There is no need to do this.
And this is up to you.
This is kind of a better because we are using sex directly some features of VSX but you can do re-act
that component.
It's actually up to you.
OK.
So everything it's good for now.
We made this a component to this component a class based component and we are using it inside the app.
The main app components.
So let's get let's go to the next section and at some style to this Hetter because it's really really
ugly.